"x"
"Personal experience "
"It helps but then again it would also be nice having a watch team in each area "
"They alert people around a particular area whenever there's a break in or crime activities. Therefore, it allows proper self protection and easily seek for help."
"They do not like factors
that will put the attention on them."
"Alarms draw attention to criminal activity and as such, the violators are less likely to continue"
"Some companies respond rapidly "
"Because the load sounds discourages and warns people about a crime"
"The loud noise made by alarms alerts neighbors and people in the area that suspicious activity is taking place. Therefore they'll be on high alert and be concerned about what is happening. "
"Makes them anxious"
"it makes a lot of noise and alert the security companys "
"Cause "
"It draws attention to the scene of the crime, so ultimately to the criminal."
"Criminals watch observe your activity they not intimidated because response to alarm sounds arent speedy"
"It scares them away. They often give up immediately if there is a bigger possibility to get caught."
"They still continue to steal"
""
"It alerts you and rhe neighbours about a disturbance"
"They inform the criminals that they have been found out and therefore give them motive to commit bigger crimes such as murder "
"They afraid and run away"
"You just letting them know they've been caught and you giving them time to escape. 

Pointless really "
"Alarms may alert poeple that sumthing illegal is happening , & may cause u to see the culprits"
"It can be disarmed "
""
"The alarm would bring all of attention and that would discourage them."
"The sound draws attention to the area  of trespassing, thus the criminals will feel divulged."
"Neighbours will come outside to see why the alarm went off especially when they know the people are not at home. "
"That way you aware of what's happening in your surroundings "
"That way you aware of what's happening in your surroundings "
"An alarm going off signifies that either law enforcement or security officials are on their way, which discourages criminals from continuing criminal activity "
"They alert the neighbors to be aware that there is criminal activity taking place "
"Criminals have become brazen in their activities. They hide until it's safe to pounce again. Many times they are sure of the property they are invading, because they watch the activity of these homes for a long time before they act. "
"It would discourage first time criminals but not criminals who have been doing criminal activities for a long time. They get used to dealing with the pressure. And alarm sounding off is just a scare tactic. "
"Criminals are aware that police takes a while to respond to alarms sounding off, so they have enough time to steal what they can and get away without getting caught. "
"That way we aware of what is happening in our surroundings "
"Alarms sounding off is a good way to scare criminals away from your property or neighborhood. "
"Should frighten away criminals"
"An alarms high pitch draws attention to presumed illegal activity "
"It will scare them off "
""
"Criminality is mainly done undercover of which the community are not aware, contributing to fear and creating panic.  Any form of an alarm system to discourage criminality and warn an individual/community will discourage criminality events drastically."
"Alarms bring security company assistance "
"It can easily be broken by the criminals and if the alarm does go off the criminals have enough time to escape before the police come."
"It could cause panic and make someone act recklessly. This could result in someone's life being put in danger."
"It is usually indicative that personnel have been activated, the sound is suppose to wake others/neighbors that can potentially provide help."
"It deter criminals "
"If it's loud enough to reach many people there will be more chances of help because it's not all of the pepple who are always willing to help"
"Alarms alert the nearby populace. I'm sure that criminals would not want to partake in criminal activity that is not subtle."
"Alarms not only makes them panic but they know they won't have a lot of time to do what they came to do before security comes through "
"Most of the time sirens are associated with ambulances so to they no longer deter criminals"
"The criminals would know that think they’re being watch and the thought of getting arrested would probably scare them "
"Alarms tend to go off regularly and is often not a deterrent. Security officers also take some time to get  to the scene"
"People just cut the alarms before breaking in"
"They alert neighbours, those in the home as well as law enforcement to criminal activity. "
"Yes. Those who want to commit crime will be scared of the alarm and decide not to commit the crime"
"Criminals don't seem to care if you have any security systems in place. They are either to desperate or to bored to really care. "
"At least it can help to prevent and get a response from the companies that are in charge to handle such matters for instance the Armed response company "
""
"Any thug would be scared off or panic under such circumstances "
"More security needed, including neighborhood watch"
"I have seen countless criminals turn back and run from the place they were trying to rob when they triggered the alarm."
"Will alert people that there is crimal activity and might scare the people away doing criminal activity "
"It scares the people off "
"Yes, it creates panic because the criminal knows that when an alarm goes off that someone is going to come and see what's going on or why the alarm is going off."
""
""
"That way the intruder won't be aware that the police or security agency was alerted so they won't run away and can therefore be caught and arrested "
"Well most criminals will run away when they hear an alarm go off. "
"Criminals will flee at the sound of the alarm to avoid being caught "
"It alerts others of your situation and throws then into panic knowing that someone will be there to check the situation"
"People are used to faulty alarms and just carry on with normal business"
"It creates a state of awareness that can be noticed by passers-by , surrounders and the security companies"
""
"It scares them off in fear of getting caught "
"Firstly, criminals are smart enough to know that there is a gap between when the alarm sounds of and the arrival of police, etc. Secondly, it alerts the criminal to exit the premises before the authorities arrives "
"It causes some criminals to panic and as a result if they do continue with criminal acts they might leave behind evidence"
"An alarm sounding off, often makes criminals uneasy, and they end up not completing their criminal activity with the fear that the police might be on the way, as they do not want to be caught. An alarm sounding off also alerts civilians that something of malice is about to happen, so people have a head-ups to protect themselves."
"It makes you aware of the perpetrators in your house. Gives you time to relax, and they get a fright of their life."
"The alarm might frighten the criminal and prevent him from committing a devious act"
"It triggers the attention of other people and startles the criminal. "
"Because that way, it will alert the community and they will respond faster unlike waiting for the police who will arrive hours late."
"Criminals can disable alarms "
"It creates panic for the criminal and alerts surrounding people of the incident. And hopefully from that someone can contact the authorities. "
"They inform the criminals that they have been found out and therefore give them motive to commit bigger crimes such as murder "
"Alarm sounding draws attention of people in neighborhood. Neighborhood watch can respond
"
"Neighbors are close to each other so it's easy to alert authority "
"It's a distraction, it draws the attention of neighbor and that will have them nervous. "
"It will destract them knowing they have little time to execute the crime and the alarm also alert the neighbors and that have them nervous too. 
"
"They stil break in with or without  alrams."
""
"When an alarm sounds off, the criminal might be frightened and run off. "
"Stay close to a security company"
"because when the alarms sound off they'll quick run in fear that they might get caught and leave their criminal act undone and this will also caution them that the area is security protected/secured "
""
"This usually frightens the criminal to escape. But I don't think it prevents them from breaking in. "
"Yes"
"It lets other's know that you're in danger and help can be available to you in no time."
"There would be some sort of warning before a criminal activity can take place. "
"Criminals get away easier when they know there is nothing going to disturb their escape after breaking in, alarms going off draws attention. "
"Smash and grabs. Quick  in and out"
"Ive had someone trying to break into my house while I was inside and they immediately ran away once I pressed the panic button and the alarm sound off. "
"Well, if an alarm sounds it draws attention to the criminal and then he will most likely flee or become under pressure such as to panic and get caught.
Alarms sounding off can also act as a deterrent for future criminals,  if someone knows that there is an alarm, there are less likely to commit a crime there."
"They'll think first responders have been alerted."
"From personal experience. Usually when alarms go off criminals panic."
"An alarm going off might startle or scare a criminal from continuing their activity but then again it might push them to act even quicker in doing their criminal deed which could result in the victim getting hurt"
"Crimals are usually scared off by alarms. "
"Criminals don't want attention so anything that "
"Attention are drawn "
"I think up to thus far they have studied the human behaviour of how fast or slow people reacts to such instances especially at night, provided its a hotspot or not"
"Its loud and distracting.  It draws attention to the place of where the criminal activity is taking place"
"Where there's noise they panic and where there's noise people wake up and when people are awoke it's not easy to steal from them because they alert when they awoke "
"It's set in place to alert the owners of any kind of robbery taking place. Its loud enough to cast a feeling of confusion for the burglar which causes them to make mistakes."
"We have one and it help me before"
"There are so many false alarms, people hardly bother looking out their window to see what the commotion is, besides, sound alarms give little indication as to where they are coming from"
"For one thing it will make the criminals aware that their actions are no longer secret, and it could disrupt their plans or at least shorten the duration of their stay."
"Theft and crime still manage to take place. Criminals outsmart the system in place - either they are quickly in and out before the response team or they are bribing the company and have inside information or assistance to help them. Also the alarm must be used correctly and actually be activated, even when you are inside the house, in order to be effective to alert that unwelcome entry to another area of house is obtained."
"Facts, they still do the tings nonetheless."
""
"At least it can help to prevent and get a response from the companies that are in charge to handle such matters for instance the Armed response company "
"It sends fear to the intruders"
"With the new technology alarm sound it is important "
"It disrupts the focus of those doing the time. And places the victim or potential victims on alert. "
""
"Would say yes and know.  Criminals don’t care much today.  Could endanger the person home or could drive criminals away"
"It'll frighten then, hence they'll run away"
"They are afraid of armed response"
"When they hear it they run away"
"Because a criminal will know that the police first have to search the location for them to access the criminal. "
"It serves as a distraction "
"Alarms can delay the criminal activity, but it does not mean it can stop the activity"
"I know of cases where it worked to scare off thieves"
"They alert the criminals giving them a headstart to flee"
"To Alert the neighborhood what could be happening  right next door that there's a Crime happening in this very moment,maybe the neighbor could help."
"noise that attracts attention will almost always discourage criminal activity"
"Would have said yes without knowing the tactics that criminals have come to. Alarms sounding off may not be as effective because there are instances where the criminal/s have been scouting the place and they already have a fore-planned escape plan. And sometimes it’s too late. "
""
""
"Assist in alerting my neighbors that something is wrong"
"Well it most certainly depends if the alarm is connected using electricity it may be a problem because of our country's electrical of unexpected loadshedding also criminals are developing more and more skills which will enable them to still be able to commit the crimes such as theft "
"Many times alarms go off in the area and it is ignored by everyone in the neighborhood. Alarms go off for hours some times and it doesn't seem anything is done in response to them. "
